doc: Updates `delete_on_create_timeout` description as suggested and use it in the examples (#3552)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/advanced_cluster (preview provider 2.0.0).md

* `redact_client_log_data` - (Optional) Flag that enables or disables log redaction, see the [manual](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/administration/monitoring/#log-redaction) for more information. Use this in conjunction with Encryption at Rest and TLS/SSL (Transport Encryption) to assist compliance with regulatory requirements. **Note**: Changing this setting on a cluster will trigger a rolling restart as soon as the cluster is updated.
* `config_server_management_mode` - (Optional) Config Server Management Mode for creating or updating a sharded cluster. Valid values are `ATLAS_MANAGED` (default) and `FIXED_TO_DEDICATED`. When configured as `ATLAS_MANAGED`, Atlas may automatically switch the cluster's config server type for optimal performance and savings. When configured as `FIXED_TO_DEDICATED`, the cluster will always use a dedicated config server. To learn more, see the [Sharded Cluster Config Servers documentation](https://dochub.mongodb.org/docs/manual/core/sharded-cluster-config-servers/).

> - `delete_on_create_timeout`- (Optional) Indicates whether to delete the created resource if a timeout is reached when waiting for completion. When set to `true` and timeout occurs, it triggers the cleanup and returns immediately without waiting for its completion. If you suspect a transient error, wait before retrying to allow resource deletion to finish. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `delete_on_create_timeout`- (Optional) Indicates whether to delete the partially created resource if a timeout is reached when waiting for completion. When set to `true` and timeout occurs, it triggers the cleanup and returns immediately without waiting for deletion to complete. If you suspect a transient error, wait before retrying to allow resource deletion to finish. Default is `true`.
```

Reviewer: thinking if we just say the "created" resource that conflicts with "waiting for completion"

Reviewer 2: * I am not sure about the truth of "partially" here.. could that be confusing? Maybe we say "resource being created"?
* `deletion to complete` sounds good, but IMO it conflicts with `the cleanup`. Maybe should it be `it initiates the cleanup process and returns immediately, without waiting for the cleanup to finish`?

Author: I adjusted the description to include the "deletion to complete" in [889d866](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3552/commits/889d8664414566e3bc84b698cdab0ba9a2244617) but not the "partially", which I think can be a bit confusing. Let me know what you think

Reviewer: since we are initiating the delete on timeout, it implies that the resource didn't completely create right? that's why it timed out

Reviewer 2: I agree with you, but "partially" can be confusing as it is a generic term. one might argue that it is created already, it's just finishing up to be initialised.

@oarbusi I think the "resource being created" can solve the issue here because if we say the "created resource" it might mean the resource is already created, so "why timing out"?

I also suggested to avoid mixing cleanup and deletion: you are referring to the same thing but with two words. For us it's clear, but for the external reader we need to be extra cautious

Author: > if we say the "created resource" it might mean the resource is already created, so "why timing out"?

I think it's fine, the resource can be created but not yet ready to be used, that is why it times out. 

> avoid mixing cleanup and deletion: you are referring to the same thing but with two words.

Considering that the attribute is named `delete_on_create_timeout`, I think it's quite clear that there is a deletion involved and cleanup/delete mix up should not be a concern IMO. If we should choose only one word, I think it should be "delete" and not clean up

Reviewer 2: Thanks, Oriol. Not a strong opinion but want to make sure we get input from everyone.
@jwilliams-mongo  @AgustinBettati can you share your final thoughts? so we can gather all feedback and make a final decision

Reviewer 3: I agree with @marcosuma that adjusting "resource being created" can provide more clarity. 
We can also align the deletion aspect in the form of:
> When set to `true` and timeout occurs, it triggers the deletion and returns immediately without waiting for completion.

Reviewer 2: for the deletion I forgot one thing: are all resources always being "Deleted"? Or is there any resource where the deletion is more like a "reset"? Just doing a sanity check here in case that's the reason why we initially left it as a generic term like "cleanup".

Author: Only cluster_outage_simulation is "not deleted" and instead its ended, we run `EndOutageSimulation`. But considering that in terraform terms, we always delete, I think it's fine to use delete. 

With your suggestions, it would be like this:

> Indicates whether to delete the **resource being created** if a timeout is reached when waiting for completion. When set to `true` and timeout occurs, it triggers the **deletion** and returns immediately without waiting for deletion to complete. When set to `false`, the timeout will not trigger resource deletion. If you suspect a transient error when the value is `true`, wait before retrying to allow resource deletion to finish. Default is `true`.

If okay, I will do the change everywhere

Author: changed in [3d962b9](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3552/commits/3d962b94737717fc82ccd5093b3406e7d7a1cb55). If no further concerns, I will merge this today

Reviewer 2: ok with only nit of "it triggers the deletion and returns immediately without waiting for completion" but not strong opinion.

> - `delete_on_create_timeout`- (Optional) Indicates whether to delete the created resource if a timeout is reached when waiting for completion. When set to `true` and timeout occurs, it triggers the cleanup and returns immediately without waiting for its completion. If you suspect a transient error, wait before retrying to allow resource deletion to finish. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: should we also mention here what users can expect if this is set to false?

Reviewer 4: yes. Seems like the resource won't be deleted?

Reviewer 2: I think it was me who suggested to remove, so no objections if we think it should be added. IMO it's redundant given the explanation of what happens it `true`

Author: Included what happens when false in [370bcc7](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3552/commits/370bcc7d1477cdecfbb9789ccb408a20360fe542). Thanks for the suggestion
